We're going to spend a few moments reviewing Avro data types in a little more depth.
As we mentioned in the previous section,
Avro defines both primitive and complex types.
You're likely already familiar with some of
the primitive types that Avro offers such as null,
boolean, int, long, float, double, and string.
Complex types allow for nesting of other types and
composition for more complex data representations.
Support complex types are records, enumerations,
arrays, maps, unions and the fixed type.
Records we've already seen,
so we're going to skip those for now.
Enumerations are a set of what Avro refers to as named symbols.
Avro enums are good choice when you have a limited set of items to be defined.
For example, if you wanted to enumerate
the abbreviations of every State in the United States,
you would use an enumeration.
Arrays in maps work similar to how they work in traditional programming languages.
Array store ordered fields and those fields can be either primitive or complex.
You cannot mix types in the array.
So here's an example of a type array with items of type record,
where there's really just one field.
It's an ID of type int.
Maps store fields on a key-value basis.
The keys in a map are always strings.
So as you can see,
the definition looks quite similar to our array,
difference is that we have values and the values are always of a type that you define.
Remember, that the key is always a string.
So you can only define the expected value type for your maps.
In this case, we're going to say it's a record again of type int id.
Unions are used when you want to combine more than one type.
For example, earlier when we showed optional fields,
we used what's called a union type to have either null or int to be valid choices.
In this example, I've used null, int, or string.
The union type isn't explicit.
In fact, the only thing that really denotes that this is a union type at all,
are these array brackets that show that more than one type is accepted for zip code.
The fixed type is a fixed size entry in bytes.
I've personally not used this type much,
but it's worth reviewing what it is so that you know it exists.
One of the examples that people tend to use when discussing
the fixed type are MD5 entries.
So in this case, that's a fixed entry of 16 bytes in every message.
You can use a fixed to accomplish
MD5 messages of a fixed size in every one of your messages.
It is sometimes used for binary data or data with repeatable and specific lengths.